# RollingUpgradeUpdateDescription

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**rolling_upgrade_mode** | [***::models::UpgradeMode**](UpgradeMode.md) | The mode used to monitor health during a rolling upgrade. The values are UnmonitoredAuto, UnmonitoredManual, and Monitored. | [default to null]
**force_restart** | [***::models::ForceRestart**](ForceRestart.md) | If true, then processes are forcefully restarted during upgrade even when the code version has not changed (the upgrade only changes configuration or data). | [optional] [default to null]
**replica_set_check_timeout_in_milliseconds** | [***::models::UpgradeReplicaSetCheckTimeout**](UpgradeReplicaSetCheckTimeout.md) | The maximum amount of time to block processing of an upgrade domain and prevent loss of availability when there are unexpected issues. When this timeout expires, processing of the upgrade domain will proceed regardless of availability loss issues. The timeout is reset at the start of each upgrade domain. Valid values are between 0 and 42949672925 inclusive. (unsigned 32-bit integer). | [optional] [default to null]
**failure_action** | [***::models::FailureAction**](FailureAction.md) | The compensating action to perform when a Monitored upgrade encounters monitoring policy or health policy violations. Invalid indicates the failure action is invalid. Rollback specifies that the upgrade will start rolling back automatically. Manual indicates that the upgrade will switch to UnmonitoredManual upgrade mode. | [optional] [default to null]
**health_check_wait_duration_in_milliseconds** | [***::models::HealthCheckWaitDuration**](HealthCheckWaitDuration.md) | The amount of time to wait after completing an upgrade domain before applying health policies. It is first interpreted as a string representing an ISO 8601 duration. If that fails, then it is interpreted as a number representing the total number of milliseconds. | [optional] [default to null]
**health_check_stable_duration_in_milliseconds** | [***::models::HealthCheckStableDuration**](HealthCheckStableDuration.md) | The amount of time that the application or cluster must remain healthy before the upgrade proceeds to the next upgrade domain. It is first interpreted as a string representing an ISO 8601 duration. If that fails, then it is interpreted as a number representing the total number of milliseconds. | [optional] [default to null]
**health_check_retry_timeout_in_milliseconds** | [***::models::HealthCheckRetryTimeout**](HealthCheckRetryTimeout.md) | The amount of time to retry health evaluation when the application or cluster is unhealthy before FailureAction is executed. It is first interpreted as a string representing an ISO 8601 duration. If that fails, then it is interpreted as a number representing the total number of milliseconds. | [optional] [default to null]
**upgrade_timeout_in_milliseconds** | [***::models::UpgradeTimeout**](UpgradeTimeout.md) | The amount of time the overall upgrade has to complete before FailureAction is executed. It is first interpreted as a string representing an ISO 8601 duration. If that fails, then it is interpreted as a number representing the total number of milliseconds. | [optional] [default to null]
**upgrade_domain_timeout_in_milliseconds** | [***::models::UpgradeDomainTimeout**](UpgradeDomainTimeout.md) | The amount of time each upgrade domain has to complete before FailureAction is executed. It is first interpreted as a string representing an ISO 8601 duration. If that fails, then it is interpreted as a number representing the total number of milliseconds. | [optional] [default to null]
**instance_close_delay_duration_in_seconds** | [***::models::InstanceCloseDelayDurationInSeconds**](InstanceCloseDelayDurationInSeconds.md) | Duration in seconds, to wait before a stateless instance is closed, to allow the active requests to drain gracefully. This would be effective when the instance is closing during the application/cluster upgrade, only for those instances which have a non-zero delay duration configured in the service description. See InstanceCloseDelayDurationSeconds property in $ref: \&quot;#/definitions/StatelessServiceDescription.yaml\&quot; for details. Note, the default value of InstanceCloseDelayDurationInSeconds is 4294967295, which indicates that the behavior will entirely depend on the delay configured in the stateless service description. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


