# StatelessServiceDescription

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**service_kind** | [***::models::ServiceKind**](ServiceKind.md) | The service kind. | [default to null]
**application_name** | [***::models::ApplicationName**](ApplicationName.md) | The name of the application, including the &#39;fabric:&#39; URI scheme. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_name** | [***::models::ServiceName**](ServiceName.md) | The full name of the service with &#39;fabric:&#39; URI scheme. | [default to null]
**service_type_name** | [***::models::ServiceTypeName**](ServiceTypeName.md) | Name of the service type as specified in the service manifest. | [default to null]
**initialization_data** | **String** | The initialization data as an array of bytes. Initialization data is passed to service instances or replicas when they are created. | [optional] [default to null]
**partition_description** | [***::models::PartitionSchemeDescription**](PartitionSchemeDescription.md) | The partition description as an object. | [default to null]
**placement_constraints** | **String** | The placement constraints as a string. Placement constraints are boolean expressions on node properties and allow for restricting a service to particular nodes based on the service requirements. For example, to place a service on nodes where NodeType is blue specify the following: \&quot;NodeColor &#x3D;&#x3D; blue)\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**correlation_scheme** | [***::models::CorrelationSchemeList**](CorrelationSchemeList.md) | The correlation scheme. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_load_metrics** | [***::models::ServiceLoadMetricsList**](ServiceLoadMetricsList.md) | The service load metrics. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_placement_policies** | [***::models::ServicePlacementPoliciesList**](ServicePlacementPoliciesList.md) | The service placement policies. | [optional] [default to null]
**default_move_cost** | [***::models::MoveCost**](MoveCost.md) | The move cost for the service. | [optional] [default to null]
**is_default_move_cost_specified** | **bool** | Indicates if the DefaultMoveCost property is specified. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_package_activation_mode** | [***::models::ServicePackageActivationMode**](ServicePackageActivationMode.md) | The activation mode of service package to be used for a service. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_dns_name** | **String** | The DNS name of the service. It requires the DNS system service to be enabled in Service Fabric cluster. | [optional] [default to null]
**scaling_policies** | [***::models::ScalingPolicyDescriptionList**](ScalingPolicyDescriptionList.md) | Scaling policies for this service. | [optional] [default to null]
**tags_required_to_place** | [***::models::NodeTagsDescription**](NodeTagsDescription.md) | Tags for placement of this service. | [optional] [default to null]
**tags_required_to_run** | [***::models::NodeTagsDescription**](NodeTagsDescription.md) | Tags for running of this service. | [optional] [default to null]
**instance_count** | **i32** | The instance count. | [default to null]
**min_instance_count** | [***::models::MinInstanceCount**](MinInstanceCount.md) | MinInstanceCount is the minimum number of instances that must be up to meet the EnsureAvailability safety check during operations like upgrade or deactivate node. The actual number that is used is max( MinInstanceCount, ceil( MinInstancePercentage/100.0 * InstanceCount) ). Note, if InstanceCount is set to -1, during MinInstanceCount computation -1 is first converted into the number of nodes on which the instances are allowed to be placed according to the placement constraints on the service. | [optional] [default to null]
**min_instance_percentage** | [***::models::MinInstancePercentage**](MinInstancePercentage.md) | MinInstancePercentage is the minimum percentage of InstanceCount that must be up to meet the EnsureAvailability safety check during operations like upgrade or deactivate node. The actual number that is used is max( MinInstanceCount, ceil( MinInstancePercentage/100.0 * InstanceCount) ). Note, if InstanceCount is set to -1, during MinInstancePercentage computation, -1 is first converted into the number of nodes on which the instances are allowed to be placed according to the placement constraints on the service. | [optional] [default to null]
**flags** | **i32** | Flags indicating whether other properties are set. Each of the associated properties corresponds to a flag, specified below, which, if set, indicate that the property is specified. This property can be a combination of those flags obtained using bitwise &#39;OR&#39; operator. For example, if the provided value is 1 then the flags for InstanceCloseDelayDuration is set.  - None - Does not indicate any other properties are set. The value is zero. - InstanceCloseDelayDuration - Indicates the InstanceCloseDelayDuration property is set. The value is 1. - InstanceRestartWaitDuration - Indicates the InstanceRestartWaitDurationSeconds property is set. The value is 2. | [optional] [default to null]
**instance_close_delay_duration_seconds** | **i64** | Duration in seconds, to wait before a stateless instance is closed, to allow the active requests to drain gracefully. This would be effective when the instance is closing during the application/cluster upgrade and disabling node. The endpoint exposed on this instance is removed prior to starting the delay, which prevents new connections to this instance. In addition, clients that have subscribed to service endpoint change events(https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/system.fabric.fabricclient.servicemanagementclient.registerservicenotificationfilterasync), can do the following upon receiving the endpoint removal notification:     - Stop sending new requests to this instance.     - Close existing connections after in-flight requests have completed.     - Connect to a different instance of the service partition for future requests. Note, the default value of InstanceCloseDelayDuration is 0, which indicates that there won&#39;t be any delay or removal of the endpoint prior to closing the instance. | [optional] [default to null]
**instance_lifecycle_description** | [***::models::InstanceLifecycleDescription**](InstanceLifecycleDescription.md) | Defines how instances of this service will behave during their lifecycle. | [optional] [default to null]
**instance_restart_wait_duration_seconds** | **i64** | When a stateless instance goes down, this timer starts. When it expires Service Fabric will create a new instance on any node in the cluster.  This configuration is to reduce unnecessary creation of a new instance in situations where the instance going down is likely to recover in a short time. For example, during an upgrade. The default value is 0, which indicates that when stateless instance goes down, Service Fabric will immediately start building its replacement. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


