# StatefulServiceUpdateDescription

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**service_kind** | [***::models::ServiceKind**](ServiceKind.md) | The service kind. | [default to null]
**flags** | **String** | Flags indicating whether other properties are set. Each of the associated properties corresponds to a flag, specified below, which, if set, indicate that the property is specified. This property can be a combination of those flags obtained using bitwise &#39;OR&#39; operator. For example, if the provided value is 6 then the flags for ReplicaRestartWaitDuration (2) and QuorumLossWaitDuration (4) are set.  - None - Does not indicate any other properties are set. The value is zero. - TargetReplicaSetSize/InstanceCount - Indicates whether the TargetReplicaSetSize property (for Stateful services) or the InstanceCount property (for Stateless services) is set. The value is 1. - ReplicaRestartWaitDuration - Indicates the ReplicaRestartWaitDuration property is set. The value is  2. - QuorumLossWaitDuration - Indicates the QuorumLossWaitDuration property is set. The value is 4. - StandByReplicaKeepDuration - Indicates the StandByReplicaKeepDuration property is set. The value is 8. - MinReplicaSetSize - Indicates the MinReplicaSetSize property is set. The value is 16. - PlacementConstraints - Indicates the PlacementConstraints property is set. The value is 32. - PlacementPolicyList - Indicates the ServicePlacementPolicies property is set. The value is 64. - Correlation - Indicates the CorrelationScheme property is set. The value is 128. - Metrics - Indicates the ServiceLoadMetrics property is set. The value is 256. - DefaultMoveCost - Indicates the DefaultMoveCost property is set. The value is 512. - ScalingPolicy - Indicates the ScalingPolicies property is set. The value is 1024. - ServicePlacementTimeLimit - Indicates the ServicePlacementTimeLimit property is set. The value is 2048. - MinInstanceCount - Indicates the MinInstanceCount property is set. The value is 4096. - MinInstancePercentage - Indicates the MinInstancePercentage property is set. The value is 8192. - InstanceCloseDelayDuration - Indicates the InstanceCloseDelayDuration property is set. The value is 16384. - InstanceRestartWaitDuration - Indicates the InstanceCloseDelayDuration property is set. The value is 32768. - DropSourceReplicaOnMove - Indicates the DropSourceReplicaOnMove property is set. The value is 65536. - ServiceDnsName - Indicates the ServiceDnsName property is set. The value is 131072. - TagsForPlacement - Indicates the TagsForPlacement property is set. The value is 1048576. - TagsForRunning - Indicates the TagsForRunning property is set. The value is 2097152. | [optional] [default to null]
**placement_constraints** | **String** | The placement constraints as a string. Placement constraints are boolean expressions on node properties and allow for restricting a service to particular nodes based on the service requirements. For example, to place a service on nodes where NodeType is blue specify the following: \&quot;NodeColor &#x3D;&#x3D; blue)\&quot;. | [optional] [default to null]
**correlation_scheme** | [***::models::CorrelationSchemeList**](CorrelationSchemeList.md) | The correlation scheme. | [optional] [default to null]
**load_metrics** | [***::models::ServiceLoadMetricsList**](ServiceLoadMetricsList.md) | The service load metrics. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_placement_policies** | [***::models::ServicePlacementPoliciesList**](ServicePlacementPoliciesList.md) | The service placement policies. | [optional] [default to null]
**default_move_cost** | [***::models::MoveCost**](MoveCost.md) | The move cost for the service. | [optional] [default to null]
**scaling_policies** | [***::models::ScalingPolicyDescriptionList**](ScalingPolicyDescriptionList.md) | Scaling policies for this service. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_dns_name** | **String** | The DNS name of the service. | [optional] [default to null]
**tags_for_placement** | [***::models::NodeTagsDescription**](NodeTagsDescription.md) | Tags for placement of this service. | [optional] [default to null]
**tags_for_running** | [***::models::NodeTagsDescription**](NodeTagsDescription.md) | Tags for running of this service. | [optional] [default to null]
**target_replica_set_size** | **i32** | The target replica set size as a number. | [optional] [default to null]
**min_replica_set_size** | **i32** | The minimum replica set size as a number. | [optional] [default to null]
**replica_restart_wait_duration_seconds** | **String** | The duration, in seconds, between when a replica goes down and when a new replica is created. | [optional] [default to null]
**quorum_loss_wait_duration_seconds** | **String** | The maximum duration, in seconds, for which a partition is allowed to be in a state of quorum loss. | [optional] [default to null]
**stand_by_replica_keep_duration_seconds** | **String** | The definition on how long StandBy replicas should be maintained before being removed. | [optional] [default to null]
**service_placement_time_limit_seconds** | **String** | The duration for which replicas can stay InBuild before reporting that build is stuck. | [optional] [default to null]
**drop_source_replica_on_move** | **bool** | Indicates whether to drop source Secondary replica even if the target replica has not finished build. If desired behavior is to drop it as soon as possible the value of this property is true, if not it is false. | [optional] [default to null]
**replica_lifecycle_description** | [***::models::ReplicaLifecycleDescription**](ReplicaLifecycleDescription.md) | Defines how replicas of this service will behave during their lifecycle. | [optional] [default to null]
**auxiliary_replica_count** | **i32** | The auxiliary replica count as a number. To use Auxiliary replicas, the following must be true: AuxiliaryReplicaCount &lt; (TargetReplicaSetSize+1)/2 and TargetReplicaSetSize &gt;&#x3D;3. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


